You will learn about the structure, bonding, and reactivity of chemical substances, focusing in particular on the main group elements.
1 0.0
understand the basis of the unique properties of mixtures and perform related calculations;
Acquire knowledge: memorize factual information & laws; assimilate scientific concepts; learn chemical calculations
2 0.0
To predict the physical and chemical properties of organic molecules from structures.
Students will develop both problem solving and critical thinking skills, and they will use these skills to solve problems utilizing chemical principles.
3 0.53
use knowledge of intermolecular forces to predict the physical properties of molecular and extended-network elements and compounds;
apply chemical knowledge to integrate knowledge gained in other courses and to better understand the connections between the various branches of science;
4
understand and utilize the terminology and concepts of chemistry to acquire and communicate scientific information and to solve basic chemical problems;
To become familiar with the structures of organic molecules, especially those found in nature or those with important biological effects.
5
To predict the physical and chemical properties of organic molecules from structures
apply a thorough understanding of the details of modern atomic theory and the experiments which support this theory in order to correctly predict the chemical and physical properties of the elements;
6
To develop an appreciation to the fact that chemistry is fundamental to the existence of all living organisms.
perform calculations associated with acid-base and redox reactions;
7
After successful completion of the course, students will be able to formulate multi-step syntheses of molecules of moderate complexity
use knowledge of intermolecular forces to predict the physical properties of molecularand extended-network elements and compounds;
8
Students will learn and apply the method of inquiry used by chemists to solve chemical problems.
solve problems involving the physical properties of matter in the solid, liquid and gaseous states;
9
Students will gain an appreciation of the scientific discipline of chemistry and the principles used by chemists to solve complex problems.
understand the basis of the unique properties of mixtures and perform related calculations;
10
memorize factual information & laws; assimilate scientific concepts; learn chemical calculations
apply knowledge of thermochemistry to calculate enthalpy changes associated with chemical and physical processes;
11
solve problems involving the physical properties of matter in the solid, liquid and gaseous states;
Write electronic configurations of atoms and ions and relate to the structure of the Periodic Table.
12
Describe the subatomic composition of atoms, ions and isotopes.
Students will learn and apply the method of inquiry used by chemists to solve chemical problems.
13
Describe the role of chemists and chemistry in drug design and methods used by chemists
Examine, integrate, and assess any provided or collected chemical data.
14
Draw scientific conclusions from experimental results or data.

